hi I'm Aaron Henry professional makeup
artist and today I'm going to show you
the difference between black eyeliner
and gray eyeliner here we have our
palette we can create our eyeliners from
the powders with our brushes and so I'm
gonna do black on one eye and gray on
the other so we can see the difference
okay so black is a pretty universal
color so no matter what color your eyes
are
the black is going to bring them out the
thing about black is that it frames the
eye with the most intensity and it can
be quite dramatic so it's up to you
whether or not your personality fits a
dramatic look now black can also be the
harshest color because it is so concrete
and so far away from someone's natural
skin color black does blend in with the
eyelashes though so it can help give the
appearance that the eyelashes are longer
with gray
we're gonna go in and find that four
brown color eyes gray doesn't read as
easily and it doesn't bring out the
natural colors gray works best for blue
eyes and light green eyes
anyone can still wear this color it's
just not going to complement the eye as
well and it's not going to be as harsh
it's a little more subdued but it is
considered more of a daytime eyeliner
and as you can see the gray liner
doesn't blend into the eyes as well so
you can definitely see where the
eyeliner separates from the lashes as
opposed to the black I'm Erin Henley and
I just showed you the difference between
black and gray eyeliner